# January 18, 2021

Participants: Alejandro, Ellen, Ben, Cris, Guillaume

Meeting notes: GB

---
- we are ready to switch for a hybrid or fully online format given circumstances decision on the format will be taken on the 5th February (5 weeks before the event, to let time to organize the physical meeting and the interactive session)
- we allow people to join remotely (though we do not encourage it). People joining only remotely will have to register and pay the same fee (no discount for just online). They will be able to follow the presentation and interact via the chat (hybrid) and to take part in the hackathon by forming a 'remote team'.
we are happy with the contribution so far. We can leave the poster session open for longer, this is not a problem (but we haven't fixed a date).
- Guillaume will send a reminder to the speakers and current poster presenter to register for the 5th of February. This reminder will contains:
the fact that the meeting is carried out whatever the circumstances (it will be switch to full online if we are all in lockdown)
the need to register ASAP so that they can confirm they will attend (ideally for the 4th February). We explain that the idea behind registration is be sure they will be there physically OR online
we inform that the decision on the final format of the conference (hydrid or fully online) will be made on the 5th February to the best of our knowledge of the current situation.
- Benjamin presented a whiteboard (mural) for the hackachton session. The idea is to put a simplified mural online before the webinar so that people can put down ideas for the three challenges. This will be also done again during the hackathon in the first 'ideas generation' phase. Then we ask all participants to choose ONE challenge and form corresponding groups so they can further rank the ideas according to feasability and importance and go down the implementation route. Out next meeting on the the 3rd February will help to provide feedback on the hackathon organisation.

# December 15, 2021

Participants: Alejandro, Ellen, Ben, Sarah, Cris

---
12 abstracts submitted (2 are asking for poster)
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1na50a7wBRggGiYXRZHFG7rAuyhRPrCxH09DcfFFs_fc/edit?usp=sharing

Deadline extension to: 17th of January
Deadline for email: before Christmas

- [ ]  _CVH_ send email deadline extension --> possibility to present online
- [ ]  _BM_ update website with program + interactive session
- [ ]  _BM, GB_ make a proposal for interactive session


Program main sessions: 
- Mapping methods: 3
- Applications to Agricultural practices: 3
- Soil compaction and soil water dynamics: 3
- Emerging applications/methods: 3

New meeting on January 18th, 5pm CET.

# October 15, 2021
## Organizing comitee kick-off meeting üöÄ

Participants: Alejandro, Ellen, Ben, Sarah

---
The final seminar date **Friday 11 March 2022** is not completely fixed yet. Need to make sure once we book the conference room

The seminar would be hydrib with: 
- Encourage in-presence üòä
- Ressources for online seminar limited to streaming to watch the presentation (maybe a chat) but no speakers online (except if they provide a video in advance)


## üìù To-do: 

- [ ] _BM_ will write down a **general introduction** covering all the ideas of the github + 2 sentences on the interactive section

- [ ] _BM_ and _GB_ will work on the **interactive session** preparation. Most likely about the catalog. Ex: ask people who want to provide dataset, showcase how to prepare a dataset, ...
	-  Do we need a separate room? special ressources?

- [ ] _SG_ Create an **eventbright** for the seminar registration
	- Set the fees to **50‚Ç¨, 20‚Ç¨ for Phds, 10‚Ç¨ for master students**

- [ ] _EVDV, ARR_ Prepare a google form for the abstract submission 
	- abstract submission deadline: **December 10th, 2022**
	- content: 
		- preference between poster/oral/ no preference
		- Comitte will come back to you on ?? with the final agenda 
	
- [ ] _?_ **Review** the abtracts submitted

- [ ] _BM_ Update **website** with: 
	- Abtract introduction
	- Eventbright link
	- Deadlines: 
		- Registration: **February 4th**
		- Final program: **End of January**

- [ ] Invite conveeners for sessions

**Next meeting**: December 15th at 5pm (see link email Sarah)

##  ü§î What we forgot to discuss: 

- Seminar title?
